src/test/resources/terms/scope.md, before:

---

# TEv2 Curated Text Header

term: scope
termType: concept
isa:
glossaryText: "the extent of the [terms](@), [definitions](@) and other documentation that
a [community](@) (which we call the [owner](@) of the [scope](@)) needs to express, communicate and
validate its [knowledge](@) as relevant to achieving a specific subset of its [objectives](@)."
synonyms:
groupTags:
formPhrases: scope{ss}

# Curation status

status: proposed
created: 2022-06-06
updated: 2022-08-04

# Origins/Acknowledgements

contributors: RieksJ
attribution: "[eSSIF-Lab](https://essif-lab.github.io/framework)"
originalLicense: "[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1)"
---

# Scope

:::caution
The entire section on Terminology Engine v 2 (TEv2) is still under construction.<br/>
As TEv2 is not (yet) available, the texts that specify the tool are still 'raw', i.e. not yet
processed.<br/>[readers](@) will need to see through some (currently unprocessed) notational
conventions.
:::

### Summary

A **scope** is the extent of the [terms](@), [definitions](@) and other documentation that
a [community](@) (which we call the [owner](@) of the [scope](@)) needs to express, communicate and
validate its [knowledge](@) as relevant to achieving a specific subset of its [objectives](@).

Other documentation includes [curated texts](@), and artifacts that are generated from that, such
as [glossaries](@), [dictionaries](@) and the like. It also includes [tags](@) that can be used e.g.
to refer to other [scopes](@) ([scopetags](@)), identify different versions for
artifacts ([versiontags](@)), or create particular groups of [terms](@) ([grouptags](@)).

[Scopes](@), that is: their contents, must be [curated](@). Since this requires particular
capabilities that the [owning](@) [community](@) may lack, we say that this [curation](@) is done by
a so-called [terms community](@), whose [members](@) are [individuals](@) that do have such
capabilities; they serve the [owning](@) [community](@) as the [curators](@) of the [scope](@).

A [scope](@) can contain multiple [terminologies](@); it is expected that at least one
such [terminology](@) is committed to by the [owning](@) [community](@).

[Scopes](@) may overlap, or be nested, in a similar way
as [namespaces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namespace).

The [terminology pattern](pattern-terminology-support@) provides an overview of how this concept
fits in with related concepts.

### Purpose

The purpose of having [scopes](@) is that it enables [communities](@) (and other [parties](@)) to
come to develop and maintain [terminologies](@) that are not only relevant for realizing
specific [objectives](@), but also are fit for expressing and communicating the [knowledge](@) that
is used for doing so. This is known as [curation](@) of a [scope](@). Specifically, [scopes](@)
provide the members of the [owning](@) [community](@) (but also non-members) to establish a provable
similar understanding of the [concepts](@) and other [knowledge artifacts](@), which is prerequisite
for fruitful cooperation, and realizing [objectives](@).

Commit message:

Updated the case for termType, formPhrases, groupTags, glossaryText, vsnTag and originalLicense to all be lowercase

src/test/resources/terms/scope.md, after:

---

# TEv2 Curated Text Header

term: scope
termtype: concept
isa:
glossarytext: "the extent of the [terms](@), [definitions](@) and other documentation that
a [community](@) (which we call the [owner](@) of the [scope](@)) needs to express, communicate and
validate its [knowledge](@) as relevant to achieving a specific subset of its [objectives](@)."
synonyms:
grouptags:
formphrases: scope{ss}

# Curation status

status: proposed
created: 2022-06-06
updated: 2022-08-04

# Origins/Acknowledgements

contributors: RieksJ
attribution: "[eSSIF-Lab](https://essif-lab.github.io/framework)"
originallicense: "[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1)"
---

# Scope

:::caution
The entire section on Terminology Engine v 2 (TEv2) is still under construction.<br/>
As TEv2 is not (yet) available, the texts that specify the tool are still 'raw', i.e. not yet
processed.<br/>[readers](@) will need to see through some (currently unprocessed) notational
conventions.
:::

### Summary

A **scope** is the extent of the [terms](@), [definitions](@) and other documentation that
a [community](@) (which we call the [owner](@) of the [scope](@)) needs to express, communicate and
validate its [knowledge](@) as relevant to achieving a specific subset of its [objectives](@).

Other documentation includes [curated texts](@), and artifacts that are generated from that, such
as [glossaries](@), [dictionaries](@) and the like. It also includes [tags](@) that can be used e.g.
to refer to other [scopes](@) ([scopetags](@)), identify different versions for
artifacts ([versiontags](@)), or create particular groups of [terms](@) ([grouptags](@)).

[Scopes](@), that is: their contents, must be [curated](@). Since this requires particular
capabilities that the [owning](@) [community](@) may lack, we say that this [curation](@) is done by
a so-called [terms community](@), whose [members](@) are [individuals](@) that do have such
capabilities; they serve the [owning](@) [community](@) as the [curators](@) of the [scope](@).

A [scope](@) can contain multiple [terminologies](@); it is expected that at least one
such [terminology](@) is committed to by the [owning](@) [community](@).

[Scopes](@) may overlap, or be nested, in a similar way
as [namespaces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namespace).

The [terminology pattern](pattern-terminology-support@) provides an overview of how this concept
fits in with related concepts.

### Purpose

The purpose of having [scopes](@) is that it enables [communities](@) (and other [parties](@)) to
come to develop and maintain [terminologies](@) that are not only relevant for realizing
specific [objectives](@), but also are fit for expressing and communicating the [knowledge](@) that
is used for doing so. This is known as [curation](@) of a [scope](@). Specifically, [scopes](@)
provide the members of the [owning](@) [community](@) (but also non-members) to establish a provable
similar understanding of the [concepts](@) and other [knowledge artifacts](@), which is prerequisite
for fruitful cooperation, and realizing [objectives](@).
