src/test/resources/terms/term.md, before:

---

# TEv2 Curated Text Header

term: term
termType: concept
isa: identifier
glossaryText: "a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used to represent
specific [knowledge artifacts](@)."
synonyms:
groupTags:
formPhrases: term{ss}, word{ss}, phrase{ss}

# Curation status

status: proposed
created: 2022-06-06
updated: 2022-08-09

# Origins/Acknowledgements

contributors: RieksJ
attribution: "[eSSIF-Lab](https://essif-lab.github.io/framework)"
originalLicense: "[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1)"
---

# Term

:::caution
The entire section on Terminology Engine v 2 (TEv2) is still under construction.<br/>
As TEv2 is not (yet) available, the texts that specify the tool are still 'raw', i.e. not yet
processed.<br/>[readers](@) will need to see through some (currently unprocessed) notational
conventions.
:::

### Summary

A **Term** is a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used to represent
specific [knowledge artifacts](@), e.g. [concepts](@), [relations](@) or [mental models](@).

Thus:

- a single term may (and typically does) have different meanings ([semantics](@)) in
  different [scopes](@)/contexts. For example, in the context of a beauty-salon, the term 'nail' has
  a different meaning than in the context of constructing buildings.
- different terms (in the same, or different [scopes](@)/contexts) may have the same meaning (i.e.
  represent the same [concept](@) ([synonymity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synonym)
  , [alias](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/alias)).

The precise meaning of a term thus depends on the [scope](@)/context in which it is used. We use the
phrase [scoped term](@) to refer to a term that is part of one particular [scope](@)/context, and
refers to a single [concept](@) (or other [knowledge artifact](@)), and hence is unambiguous.

The [terminology pattern](pattern-terminology-support@) provides an overview of how this concept
fits in with related concepts.
The [term-ref](@) [syntax specification](/docs/tev2/spec-syntax/term-ref-syntax) specifies the
syntax that [authors](@) should use as they want to use a specific [term](@) in their text.

### Purpose

Understanding words or phrases uttered by others requires that we are able to 'translate' them into
terms that we habitually use, i.e. with the meaning of which we are familiar. While this is mostly
an (unconscious) automatism, and it is often also not necessary to be very precise, this may be
different when they relate to stuff we find important. The ability to represent a
specific [concept](@) (or other [knowledge artifact](@)) with a specific text or phrase, where
this 'representation' is limited to a specific (or several) context(s), helps us to better interpret
these words, which is: to properly understand what others actually try to convey in spoken or
written language.

### Criteria

A term is a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used in at least one [scope](@)/context, in each of
which it represents (and [identifies](@))) one specific [knowledge artifact](@) that is part of
the [knowledge](@) of the [community](@) that [owns](@) that [scope](@).

### Notes

There is an important [distinction](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept)
between [concepts](@) (and other [knowledge artifacts](@)) and the (multitude of) terms (names,
labels) that we need to be able to talk and reason (argue) about them. Please consider that

* different [terms](@) are used in different contexts for representing a single [concept](@);
* in different contexts, a single [term](@) may represent different [concepts](@);
* [to resolve terminological disputes](http://resolver.tudelft.nl/uuid:964a90da-da81-4d38-9f45-84f3f5fa96b3)
  , which usually are about the 'correct' meaning of a [term](@), try to establish the criteria that
  the different participants use for the concept behind the term. That helps participants understand
  each others (different) positions, and provides a better basis for resolving the conflict.

---
### Footnotes

[^1]: WikiPedia has a concise [explanation of concepts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept). We
use the term 'concept' as
a [mental representation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mental_representation).

[^2]: For the difference between 'Concept' and 'Term', see https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept
.

Commit message:

Updated the case for termType, formPhrases, groupTags, glossaryText, vsnTag and originalLicense to all be lowercase

src/test/resources/terms/term.md, after:

---

# TEv2 Curated Text Header

term: term
termtype: concept
isa: identifier
glossarytext: "a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used to represent
specific [knowledge artifacts](@)."
synonyms:
grouptags:
formphrases: term{ss}, word{ss}, phrase{ss}

# Curation status

status: proposed
created: 2022-06-06
updated: 2022-08-09

# Origins/Acknowledgements

contributors: RieksJ
attribution: "[eSSIF-Lab](https://essif-lab.github.io/framework)"
originallicense: "[CC BY-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1)"
---

# Term

:::caution
The entire section on Terminology Engine v 2 (TEv2) is still under construction.<br/>
As TEv2 is not (yet) available, the texts that specify the tool are still 'raw', i.e. not yet
processed.<br/>[readers](@) will need to see through some (currently unprocessed) notational
conventions.
:::

### Summary

A **Term** is a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used to represent
specific [knowledge artifacts](@), e.g. [concepts](@), [relations](@) or [mental models](@).

Thus:

- a single term may (and typically does) have different meanings ([semantics](@)) in
  different [scopes](@)/contexts. For example, in the context of a beauty-salon, the term 'nail' has
  a different meaning than in the context of constructing buildings.
- different terms (in the same, or different [scopes](@)/contexts) may have the same meaning (i.e.
  represent the same [concept](@) ([synonymity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synonym)
  , [alias](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/alias)).

The precise meaning of a term thus depends on the [scope](@)/context in which it is used. We use the
phrase [scoped term](@) to refer to a term that is part of one particular [scope](@)/context, and
refers to a single [concept](@) (or other [knowledge artifact](@)), and hence is unambiguous.

The [terminology pattern](pattern-terminology-support@) provides an overview of how this concept
fits in with related concepts.
The [term-ref](@) [syntax specification](/docs/tev2/spec-syntax/term-ref-syntax) specifies the
syntax that [authors](@) should use as they want to use a specific [term](@) in their text.

### Purpose

Understanding words or phrases uttered by others requires that we are able to 'translate' them into
terms that we habitually use, i.e. with the meaning of which we are familiar. While this is mostly
an (unconscious) automatism, and it is often also not necessary to be very precise, this may be
different when they relate to stuff we find important. The ability to represent a
specific [concept](@) (or other [knowledge artifact](@)) with a specific text or phrase, where
this 'representation' is limited to a specific (or several) context(s), helps us to better interpret
these words, which is: to properly understand what others actually try to convey in spoken or
written language.

### Criteria

A term is a word or phrase (i.e.: text) that is used in at least one [scope](@)/context, in each of
which it represents (and [identifies](@))) one specific [knowledge artifact](@) that is part of
the [knowledge](@) of the [community](@) that [owns](@) that [scope](@).

### Notes

There is an important [distinction](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept)
between [concepts](@) (and other [knowledge artifacts](@)) and the (multitude of) terms (names,
labels) that we need to be able to talk and reason (argue) about them. Please consider that

* different [terms](@) are used in different contexts for representing a single [concept](@);
* in different contexts, a single [term](@) may represent different [concepts](@);
* [to resolve terminological disputes](http://resolver.tudelft.nl/uuid:964a90da-da81-4d38-9f45-84f3f5fa96b3)
  , which usually are about the 'correct' meaning of a [term](@), try to establish the criteria that
  the different participants use for the concept behind the term. That helps participants understand
  each others (different) positions, and provides a better basis for resolving the conflict.

---
### Footnotes

[^1]: WikiPedia has a concise [explanation of concepts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept). We
use the term 'concept' as
a [mental representation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mental_representation).

[^2]: For the difference between 'Concept' and 'Term', see https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept
.
